Edits to PGD PR5477 (#5518)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pgd/5/consistency/crdt.mdx

Conflict-free replicated data types (CRDT) support merging values from concurrently modified rows instead of discarding one of the rows as traditional resolution does.

!!! Note Permissions required

> PGD CRDT requires usage access to CRDT types. Therefore a user must have at least the [bdr_application](../security/pgd-predefined-roles/#bdr_application) role assigned to them.

Author: I have the same query here as to why this is in third person.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PGD CRDT requires usage access to CRDT types. Therefore any user needint to access CRDT types must have at least the [bdr_application](../security/pgd-predefined-roles/#bdr_application) role assigned to them.
```
